Liu... Liu... Liu...
He's dead!
Master Liu!
Everyone, step back a bit.
Step back.
Let my good apprentice...
examine the corpse properly.
Well?
Master Liu was stabbed multiple times.
The weapon appears to be a dagger...
about one foot eight long.
The head was severed after death.
There isn't much bleeding at the cut.
And the time of death?
Approximately two hours ago.
Around 9 p.m.
At around 9 p.m...
Didn't we just part ways then?
We were chatting with Divine Doctor Du and his apprentice.
That's right.
Besides Master Liu...
these three ladies were the only ones absent, right?
After leaving the main hall,
I was in the backyard with my father the whole time.
You were in the backyard?
Are there witnesses?
Mr. Zhang saw me.
Yes, yes.
And this one...
Ah Kun.
Known in the Jianghu as Master Kun.
Master Kun.
May I be so bold as to ask,
who are you exactly?
To be suspecting us here?
Aren't you and your master suspects yourselves?
Yeah!
Who do you think you are?
Asking all these questions.
I think you master and apprentice are the most suspicious.
I fall ill at nightfall.
Everyone knows that.
So I had my apprentice...
lock me in the woodshed.
That rules me out.
Can one just rule oneself out?
I can testify.
At that time,
I delivered dinner to Divine Doctor Du.
He indeed could not leave.
And what about you, Master Kun?
The two of us were together.
The Flirt.
What about it?
Is that a problem?
Are there any other witnesses?
We were together.
Why would we need anyone else?
Ridiculous.
Truly ridiculous.
What secret code?
I'm done solving it.
I don't want to die here.
I'm leaving.
There is miasma in the dense forest.
It won't be too late to leave at dawn tomorrow.
Brother Zhang Shan.
Don't rush to your death.
Miss Xiao Bai, do you have a Poison-Warding Pill?
I have one here.
Apprentice, stop him!
Go!
Don't try any tricks with me.
Young Master.
Master Liu's room is a critical crime scene.
Please be sure to have it guarded well.
Rest assured, Divine Doctor Du.
Hero Zhang.
You...
Not good
This mist causes hallucinations
Must stay awake
Disciple, this...
What's the situation?
What is going on?
Why did you come back alone?
Hero Zhang was hit by the poison miasma
He committed suicide
What's wrong with him?
Quickly, make him drink this
He's been poisoned by the miasma
Quickly, help him back to his room to rest
We should have dragged him back for interrogation
Could Zhang Shan have committed suicide out of fear of punishment?
Why is this miasma so potent?
Wumei Valley was originally just a dense forest
Later, to protect the manor...
...from being coveted by outsiders...
...the Master raised many poisonous creatures in the forest
They grew wildly in the forest
That is how the miasma came to be
Anyone who is poisoned...
...will go mad at best...
...or die instantly at worst
The poison gas is heaviest at night
Even the Poison-Warding Pill cannot guarantee safety
We took the pills when we arrived yesterday
Then why did we still get poisoned?
The pills the manor distributes to guests...
...are only effective for two hours
Just enough for you to cross the dense forest...
...and reach the manor
Then why does the forest's miasma...
...not enter the manor?
The plants in the manor can resist the poison miasma
The timber used for buildings was also repeatedly soaked in medicinal juices
As long as you don't leave the manor...
...you will be safe
I see
As for Zhang Shan's body...
...I must ask the Young Master to send someone to retrieve it tomorrow
I'll send someone as soon as it's light
This matter is not simple
I think everyone should rest first
That sounds good
Farewell
Let's go, let's go
Hurry, hurry
Lord Hua, you're awake
Here
Drink the medicine while it's hot
What kind of medicine would you give me?
Gut-rotting poison, one sip kills
More toxic than the miasma
Go get me a piece of paper
Here
Lord Hua
You're sending a message to Dali Temple, aren't you?
Fine
I won't look
Miss Xiao Bai
Watching the moon?
Concubine Si
I'm not that delicate
No need to stand on ceremony
Concubine Si
Why are you still awake so late?
I've been having nightmares lately
I can't sleep well
And this Sedative is too bitter
So I went to the kitchen...
...and made a bowl of red date and longan soup
To eat mixed with the Sedative
It's not bitter
Concubine Si
Today...
...someone...
...said I look like a good friend of his
People who talk like that...
...are mostly philanderers
I've seen plenty of men
These tricks to deceive young girls...
...are not to be trusted
I think he...
...probably isn't
Lord Hua
Master Kun
How about...
...you scoot over a bit?
I'll get on the bed, let's squeeze together
I helped cure your poison and treat your wounds, after all
Is this how you repay me?
Then go back to the woodshed
There's plenty of space there
No need
My Lord
A letter from Master Kun.
With such a good show,
Lord Nine Thousand Years would surely be interested.
Send it to the Crown Prince immediately.
Yes, sir.
Everyone,
it rained last night,
so it is stuffy indoors.
It is fresher out in the courtyard,
so I took the liberty
of moving breakfast here.
Thank you, Young Master.
Please, have a seat.
Sit down.
You all had a fright last night.
I apologize for the poor hospitality.
I am truly sorry.
After breakfast,
I will distribute the Poison-Warding Pills.
You can leave around 9 a.m.
As for the murders in the manor,
what does the Young Master plan to do?
Report to the authorities, naturally.
I shouldn't trouble Divine Doctor Du and his disciple.
You really have no manners.
You should serve tea to your master first.
Master,
please have some tea.
I'll do it myself.
Watch what you're doing!
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Young Master,
has Hero Zhang's body been found?
The head is missing.
Didn't you say the miasma is thick at night,
keeping birds and beasts away?
Where is his body?
Could you take me to see it?
What is that smell?
It smells like medicinal herbs.
Oh no!
Myriad Treasures Pavilion!
You're not eating?
So many treasures, all burned.
What a pity.
Indeed.
Flint.
The roof.
Someone removed the tiles.
It seems someone placed flint on this chest,
removed the tiles,
and waited for the sunlight to shine in.
The flint ignited and burned this chest.
This chest...
did it contain something valuable?
Stored in here
were the things needed to cross the forest
and resist the toxic miasma...
the Poison-Warding Pills.
What?
That means
none of us can leave now.
How could this happen?
Who did this?
They must have done it on purpose.
It seems someone deliberately
wants to trap us here.
Three murders in one night.
The victims were all posed like dancers.
And the Poison-Warding Pills
were destroyed right before distribution.
It seems it's not for money,
but to take lives.
Guess...
who will be
next?